I'm engaged oh my god so will you be my
maid of honor and the horse I will I
don't know what I'm supposed to do just
whatever throw the bachelorette party
yeah shower and let's go meet the rest
of the bridal party if they punch it a
couple times you remember my cousin Rita
they just bought a new house it is
gorgeous I wouldn't know I only see the
kitchen in the laundry room and the
ceiling in my bedroom sometimes the
floor this is that guy from work this is
your husband oh no I don't know him I'm
single I do so distraught when I was
single I'm fine being by myself
this is ducky sister Megan you must be a
nice fella
and not he's not I'm not with him I'm
glad he's single cuz I'm gonna climb
that like a tree you have to meet Helen
you're so pretty did you come from work
what are we doing for the bachelorette
party what about like a princess Versace
meets the gold rush I'm thinking tan
gentlemen that swallow fire and wear
sarong female Fight Club
we Grisha surprised beat the crap out of
her
I don't hate it face it is head a dream
last night that we went down you were in
it
excuse me ma'am please return to your
seats she's not great at flying
I have something they might help you
relax
[Music]
you should come to Lynne's wedding with
me no oh this is some classy she's
beggin I'm sorry I want to apologize I'm
not even confident of which end that
came out of
you